Daniel Kaukinen: Project Lead

Nahida Sultana
  3 ares i want to work on given below
  Area where i want to work given below
    1. buffet style cafeteria
    2. hydroponics vegetable growing greenhouse
    3. physical fitness

Govind Suresh
My areas of interests:
1.The fitness center
2.Scubadiving
3.The cafeteria

Joe De Coppi
  Areas of interest:
    1. Web section development
    2. LEED Certification Research
    3. Employee recruitment radio ad

Amir Goriya
  Areas of Interest:
    1. Documentation on varying fish species that could inhabit the aquaponics
    2. Advertisements development for new employees
    3. R&D website development

Ngoc Minh Duong: 
1. Advertisements: Poster.
2. Website.
3. Employees and Users Database. 

Michael Scott
1: Website R&D
2: Advertisement - Fitness Area
3: Advertisement - Diving

Tanner van Teeffelen: 1. Radio Scripts - if we don't get anyone to hear about it in the first place, then the entire company is a bust
                      2. HR and Hiring - with this many sections, you'll need someone or a small department to sort through applications and sort out employee issues
                      3. Minor web section developer - maybe not major changes, but little changes here and there to keep it updated

Kaitlyn Dennison: 
1. Advertising - Commercial and professional pitch presentations
2. Food connoisseur and list of buffet/consumables  
3. Database on all users and employees, documentation of users. Security.

Byounghyun Oh: Team member
  1) Buffet style cafeteria : Documentation
  2) Energy providing: Documentation
  3) Scuba diving club: Website
  
Joshua Maki
  1: Waterpark Resort in Hotel
  2: Large Music Center w/ Performance Stage
  3: Recreational Obstacle Course

Blair Cox: Student - 1. Hydroponics/Aquaponics 2. LEED certification 3. Consumer level, ATP based water test kits using solid state silicon photomultiplier technology.

Brandan Rutter
1. Documentation
  1.1 Location of the business
  1.2 Foundational costs
2. Website
  2.1 development and coding
3. Advertisements
  3.1 Television commercials
  3.2 Facebook
  3.3 Radio advertisements
  3.4 Word of mouth

Erik Saarimaki: 1. Website - Any 2. Documentation - Feasibility  3. Advertisements - Radio Scripts

Matthew Amodeo: 1 - Cafeteria 2 - R&D 3 - Energy generation

Joshua Wentzell: 1st Advertisements-Radio scripts to get users into the facilities; 2nd Documentation-implementation; 3rd Advertisements-Posters for employees and users 

Simeon Davenport
  1. Cafeteria
  2. Facility
  3. Alternative energy/heat generation
